Audio (#513)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/tags/terms/audio/audio.md

---
Title: '<audio>'
Description: 'Represents an interface for adding audio content to the page.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

Represents an interface for adding audio content to the page.

HTML supports three different audio format types which are as follows:
- MP3
- WAV
- OGG.

## Syntax
```html
<audio controls>
  <source src="audioFile_name.ogg" type="audio/ogg">
  <source src="audioFile_name.mp3" type="audio/mpeg">
  <h3>Fallback text if audio will not play</h3>
</audio>
```

The `<audio>` tag may contain one or more than one `<source>` tags with different audio sources. The browser will run the first source which is supported by it.

The `<audio>` tag may include `<source>` tags and fallback text. It may also use attributes to convey intention, some common ones are below:

- `autoplay`: if this attribute is present the audio will play automatically.

> - `controls`: if this attribute is present the audio will have an overlay allowing the user to control the video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `controls`: if this attribute is present the audio will have an overlay allowing the user to control the audio.
```

---
Title: '<audio>'
Description: 'Represents an interface for adding audio content to the page.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

Represents an interface for adding audio content to the page.

> HTML supports the following audio format types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HTML supports the following audio formats:
```

> HTML supports three different audio format types which are as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
HTML supports the following audio format types:
```

- MP3
- WAV
- OGG

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

**Note:** Accepted formats may vary depending on the browser that is used.

```

> - OGG.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- OGG
```

## Syntax

```html

> <audio controls>
>   <source src="audioFile_name.ogg" type="audio/ogg" />
>   <source src="audioFile_name.mp3" type="audio/mpeg" />
>   <h3>Fallback text if audio will not play</h3>
> </audio>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<audio controls>
  Source tags with different audio formats go here
</audio>
```

The current code block written here can be an example 👍

```

> The `<audio>` tag may contain one or more than one `<source>` tags with different audio sources. The browser will run the first source which is supported by it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `<audio>` tag may contain one or more  `<source>` tags with different audio formats. The browser will run the format most suitable for the browser.
```

The `<audio>` tag may include `<source>` tags and fallback text. It may also use attributes to convey intention, some common ones are below:

- `autoplay`: if this attribute is present the audio will play automatically.
- `controls`: if this attribute is present the audio will have an overlay allowing the user to control the audio.

> - `loop`: it specifies that the audio will start over again, every time it is finished.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `loop`: specifies that the audio will start over again, every time it is finished.
```

> - `src`: the URL for the audio that should be shown to the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `src`: the URL for the audio that should be shown to the user.

## Example

```html
<audio controls>
  <source src="audioFile_name.ogg" type="audio/ogg" />
  <source src="audioFile_name.mp3" type="audio/mpeg" />
  <h3>Fallback text if audio will not play</h3>
</audio>
```

In the example above, the audio tag contains a `controls` attribute to display a user controls for the audio content such as a play and pause button.

```

> - `src`: the URL for the audio that should be shown to the user.

Reviewer 3: Typically with entry terms, there is an example after the syntax section. To stay consistent with the other tag terms please add an example after this line.

Reviewer 2: @Vivek-Prajapatii +1 on this! I've written the comment below on how I think we should go about this. Let me know if anything comes up

---
Title: '<audio>'
Description: 'Represents an interface for adding audio content to the page.'
Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'Tags'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

Represents an interface for adding audio content to the page.

HTML supports the following audio formats:

- MP3
- WAV
- OGG

## Syntax

```html
<audio controls>Source tags with different audio formats go here</audio>
```

The `<audio>` tag may contain one or more `<source>` tags with different audio formats. The browser will run the format most suitable for the browser.

> The `<audio>` tag may include `<source>` tags and fallback text. It may also use attributes to convey intention, some common ones are below:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `<audio>` tag may include `<source>` tags and fallback text. It may also use attributes to convey intention, such as the ones listed below:
```

> - `autoplay`: if this attribute is present the audio will play automatically.
> - `controls`: if this attribute is present the audio will have an overlay allowing the user to control the audio.
> - `loop`: specifies that when the audio ends, it will begin again.
> - `src`: the URL for the audio that should be shown to the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Using `autoplay` will automatically play the audio.
- Using `controls` will have an overlay to allow the user to control the audio.
- Using `loop` will specify that when the audio ends, it will begin again.
- Setting `src` to the URL for the audio to be shown to the user.
```

## Example

```html
<audio controls>
  <source src="audioFile_name.ogg" type="audio/ogg" />
  <source src="audioFile_name.mp3" type="audio/mpeg" />
  <h3>Fallback text if audio will not play</h3>
</audio>
```

> In the example above, the `<audio>` tag contains a controls attribute to display user controls for the audio content such as a play and pause button. In addition, there are two `<source>` tags with different audio formats. If the browser doesn't support the **.ogg** file format, it will use the **.mp3** file. Lastly, the text that trails after the `<source>` tags will display if the `<audio>` tag is not supported by the browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example above, the `<audio>` tag contains a controls attribute to display user controls for the audio content such as a play and pause button. In addition, there are two `<source>` tags with different audio formats. If the browser doesn't support the **.ogg** file format, it will use the **.mp3** file. Lastly, the text that follows the `<source>` tags will display if the `<audio>` tag is not supported by the browser.
```
